https://codepen.io/kalvin-zhao/pen/vYLRVXe?editors=1100

Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    a tag that tells the user what the content is
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    it is use to design a website
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    it gives our tags additional info and we put it right after the tag 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    h1 is the biggest header, and you should use it only once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    a and img i guess
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    title of the website
    7. What is an id? 
    unique identifier for an element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    header
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    1 time
    10. What is a class? 
    an attribute that links multiple elements so that we could style it 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    div, header, paragraph, etc.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    as many time as you like
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    alternative text for an image
    15. How do I reference an id?
    #nameOfId
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    div doesnt do anything and a section divides the content up by similar theme
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    use to style html
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    id is use for one element, and classes are used for multiple element
    href="#idName"
    .classname{
        color: blue
    }
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .className
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human p{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    it selects the child of the parents, it would be useful when you have a span inside a div and another span inside the span but you only want the child div to be selected
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar a:link {}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    it gives a selector special properties
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transformation: ______
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border: 1px dotted black
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm <filename>, theres no way to recover the file afterward
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    so if something break i can just go back to my previous save point
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    as frequent as possible, especially after a major implementation
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    fork
    add tl as a collaborator
    git clone url link on terminal
    git checkout -b "kalvin-zhao"
    code .
    added my name in the read me
    git add .
    git commit -m "Updated Readme"
    git push -u origin "kalvin-zhao"
    on github went to pull request
    pressed on new pull request button
    changed base to kalvinzhao11/...
    compare base with master 
    create pull request
    add TL as a reviewer
    

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    blocks takes up the whole width and starts at a new line while inline only takes up the space that it uses and it doesnt start on a new line
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    it can be postion anywhere
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    in the css file change the width: 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    ul, p, and h1
    a, img
    button
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
    the box model is everything surrounding the element like padding, border, and margin
    you can change the width and padding, border, and margin will automatically expand ontop of the value of the width that you given the element